Minor update to readme and figure (#46)
greenelab/generic-expression-patterns: README.md

**Challenge**: 
Current methods, including Powers et. al. and Crow et. al., to identify generic genes and pathways rely on manual curation. This curation effort included collecting a large set of samples with corresponding metadata, processing data and performing DE analysis to get ranked list of genes.

> If you want to perform a new DE analysis in a different biological **context** (i.e. different organism, tissue, media) then you might not have the curated data available. Switching contexts will require re-curation. Similarly, using a different statistical method will require re-curation. This curation effor it very time intensive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to perform a new DE analysis in a different biological **context** (i.e. different organism, tissue, media) then you might not have the curated data available. Switching contexts will require re-curation. Similarly, using a different statistical method will require re-curation. This curation effort is very time intensive.
```

| Folder/file | Description |
| --- | --- | 
| [configs](configs) | This folder contains configuration files used to set hyperparameters for the different experiments |
| [generic_expression_patterns_modules](generic_expression_patterns_modules) | This folder contains supporting functions that other notebooks in this repository will use |
| [human_cancer_analysis](human_cancer_analysis) | This folder contains analysis notebooks to identify generic signals using Powers et. al. dataset to train VAE |
| [human_general_analysis](human_general_analysis) | This folder contains analysis notebooks to identify generic signalsusing [recount2](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6742427/) dataset to train VAE |
| [multiplier_analysis](multiplier_analysis) | This folder contains analysis notebooks to coverage of generic genes across [MultiPLIER latent variables](https://www.cell.com/cell-systems/pdfExtended/S2405-4712\(19\)30119-X)) |
| [pseudomonas_analysis](pseudomonas_analysis) |  This folder contains analysis notebooks to identify generic signalsusing *P. aeruginosa* dataset to train VAE |

## Usage

**How to run notebooks from generic-expression-patterns**

> *Operating Systems:* Mac OS, Linux

Reviewer: Is this just because you haven't tested on Windows? Might be good to just add a note "(not tested on Windows)" so people don't assume there's some known reason it won't work (unless there is and I'm missing it).

Author: Good question. I did try to test this on windows and there were some conda libraries that weren't available. I'll make a note of that.
